about 20 years ago herta 03 has
last time the berliner cup of the a
juniors won
Now you want to catch up again
zehlendorf bring in the final against the
Berlin goalie ludwig full
motivated trainer sebastian hoeneß
sends his team in the poststadion
with a 4 4 2 deployment in attack
with lozenge on the field about 1000 spectators
see at the beginning but not the
favored Zehlendorf in attack
but the first chance works out
the sc dangerous but zwick is too
Make his team want to go flat
vertical play opportunities
nice tip but it all works
quite cramped anticipates well and
Now the sc is back quickly
back on sami k rescues the ten
villages with two to one they have in
semi-final the first FC Union
beaten but today likes it
coach the game of his boys whole and
Not at all the ball control
leaves much to be desired
Mehlhorn after ten minutes finally the
first goal shot for herta 03 now
open up slowly
dennis dombrowe on captain dennis vines
well seen and what a beautiful
Ball acceptance by daniel wassmann cakmakci
the keeper box team out and in the second
start it holds him securely and makes
the game fast
the long ball on
Philipp Sommerfeld
I'm having a hard time with that
quick attacker again luis purpose
with the left foot fifteenth minute
the adjoining corner of berliner sc
Heinz extended and summer field with much
space so free he is not allowed to
shot , the ten finally come up with more
print
bonn prof the central sixth moves to
Tor and seeks the conclusion 25 minutes
are around
the team of hertha 03 attacks
that it counts early now and keeps it in
their own half
Three minutes later the spectators are watching
then a foul on the profi just before
penalty free kick shoots from the right
the captain
just over the best way of the
zehlendorfer in the first half hour
the sc only with long balls they come
from the own half but the worries
again and again for danger
especially if the fast paladin at
But no problem for the top 8
sebastian hoeneß is on the verge of
half-time break is no longer on the bank
just no offense before the page change
marcel tiemann sees palla alone
in front of the gate and the thing is in there though
offside goal does not count
The striker is at the ball
probably just off the beaten track
barely recognizable even in the second
attitude you do not see if the
umpires are right here
then 45 minutes are around
in the cup final the zehlendorfer show
no nice kick and the coach
he nods thoughtfully second half
herter 03 finally with more courage
ahead
The captain gives direction now
it is almost exclusively on a goal
freestoss ruby
nice technology but a few meters
past
65 minutes played zehlendorf again im
attack
Mehlhorn foul shortly before the punishment room
here
the fouled hoard shoots itself
despite superiority in the field comes
nothing countable with rum and that can
also backfire quickly
it follows the last chance of the game
and that has the berliner sc in the
Ninety minute but that's easy
too harmless louis zwick without problems
ups is and no extension but
Eleven penalty shoot
The first thing the opponent can do is to point
louis zwick has his team in goal
so far saved from a defeat
now it's a nerve-game fortune
had chor hours lupft the ball
the latte the boys of herta only three
Can not go ahead now
be fearless
dennis dammbruch 10
herter is ahead of Japan against zwick
the corner was just right but the shot
placed and certainly no chance for
the north is ready
Well shot 2 to 1 and now he has to
again ran louis 2
no chance 2 to 2
Fortum places the ball cope
three to two for theater well that the
keeper in the other corner jumps because
that would have been tough
zwick can now be far behind
bring in the front if he keeps that in
was just wrong corner but with the foot
He almost comes to Bayern 3 to 3
alcala full concentration
certainly transforms 4 to 3
and if the opponent now pats are the
a-juniors from herta 0 3 for the first time
for 20 years again cup winner
it is in his hands
no it lies between his feet
louis zwick holds hard 03 has won
after an exciting penalty shootout
with 4 3 won the team of
sebastian hoeness because all
Eleven scorer have met and the
Goalkeeper the last ball between the
holds legs
they are Berlin cup winner and there is
the for